README.md, before:

# Weezl's Mod Lib for Farming Simulator 25

This library contains quality of life functions to ease development of script (LUA) based mods for Farming Simulator 25 (FS25).


## Contents/features
* [ModHelper](#modhelper) - A base class/bootstrapper for any script based mod
* **LogHelper** - Quality of life class/library for logging and debugging
* **DebugHelper** - Extension to the LogHelper that is particularly useful when debugging
* **FillTypeManagerExtension** - Extension class to the FillTypeManager that enables your mod to add custom fill types and height types (material that can be dumped to ground) 


## Like the work I do?
I love to hear you feedback so please check out my [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/w33zl). If you want to support me you can become my [Patron](https://www.patreon.com/wzlmodding) or buy me a [Ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/w33zl) :heart:

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/X8X0BB65P) [![Support me on Patreon](https://img.shields.io/endpoint.svg?url=https%3A%2F%2Fshieldsio-patreon.vercel.app%2Fapi%3Fusername%3Dwzlmodding%3F%26type%3Dpatrons&style=for-the-badge)](https://patreon.com/wzlmodding?)


## ModHelper

#### 1. Copy the `"lib"` folder to the root folder of your mod

#### 2. Create a script file (if you haven't already), e.g. *"YourModName.lua"*, with the following content:
```lua
YourModName = Mod:init() -- "YourModName" is your actual mod object/instance, ready to use
```

#### 3. Add this line to the `<extraSourceFiles>` section of your *ModDesc.xml* file:
```xml
<sourceFile filename="lib/ModHelper.lua" />
```

It shoud look something like this:
```xml
<extraSourceFiles>
    <sourceFile filename="lib/ModHelper.lua" /><!-- Must be above your mod lua file -->
    <sourceFile filename="YourModName.lua" />
</extraSourceFiles>
```

#### 4. Now your mod is ready to be used, e.g. you could att these lines to "YourModName.lua" to print a text when your mod is loaded:

```lua
function YourModName:loadMap(filename) 
    print("Mod loaded")
end
```

Some more events that can be used similar to loadMap:
* `loadMapFinished()` - This event execute *after* the actual map has finished loading and *before* other mods are loaded (with `loadMap`)
* `startMission()` - When user selects "Start", execute after both `loadMapFinished` and `loadMap`
* `update(dt)` - Looped as long game is running (*CAUTION!* Anything in here will constantly execute and might severly affect performance)

### Built-in properties in your mod
The `Mod` class will automatically add a number of field/properties to your for convinient access, e.g.
```lua
local authorsName = myMod.author -- The name is automatically read from the modDesc file
```

* `dir` - The mod directory, i.e. folder or zip file on disk (same as `g_currentModDirectory`)
* `name` - The name of your mod (i.e. `g_currentModName`)
* `title` - The english title of your mod (from modDesc.xml)
* `author` - The author node from modDesc.xml
* `version` - The version node from your modDesc.xml

### Built-in functions in your mod
The `Mod` class will automatically add a number of functions/methods to your mod for convinient access, e.g.
```lua
local aSound = myMod:loadSound("SoundName", "/sounds/aSound.ogg")
```

* `loadSound(name, relativeFilename)` - Loads a sound/sample (automatically appends the mod.dir path to the filename) 
* `trySource(relativeFilename, [silentFail])` - Will try to load/source a LUA script file if that file exists, automatically adding mod.dir path to the filename, and with optional "silent fail" (no error message if file is missing)

### Automatic support for user config file
Built-in (semi-)automatic support to read and write user settings.

Commit message:

Add mod download links to README

README.md, after:

# Weezl's Mod Lib for Farming Simulator 25

This library contains quality of life functions to ease development of script (LUA) based mods for Farming Simulator 25 (FS25).


## Contents/features
* [ModHelper](#modhelper) - A base class/bootstrapper for any script based mod
* **LogHelper** - Quality of life class/library for logging and debugging
* **DebugHelper** - Extension to the LogHelper that is particularly useful when debugging
* **FillTypeManagerExtension** - Extension class to the FillTypeManager that enables your mod to add custom fill types and height types (material that can be dumped to ground) 


## Like the work I do?
I love to hear you feedback so please check out my [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/w33zl). If you want to support me you can become my [Patron](https://www.patreon.com/wzlmodding) or buy me a [Ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/w33zl) :heart:

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/X8X0BB65P) [![Support me on Patreon](https://img.shields.io/endpoint.svg?url=https%3A%2F%2Fshieldsio-patreon.vercel.app%2Fapi%3Fusername%3Dwzlmodding%3F%26type%3Dpatrons&style=for-the-badge)](https://patreon.com/wzlmodding?)

> _By interacting with me and supporting me on these platforms, you help me stay motivated to create new mods and make the publicly available. Any monetary support also helps me towards my dream; to spend more time on making mods for Farming Simulator instead of my current day job (as everyone else, I need to finance my IRL life some way or other)._


## My Mods

To download my mods, please visit my FS19, FS22 or FS25 page on the official Giants ModHub page:

[![My FS22 Mods](https://github.com/w33zl/w33zl/raw/main/GitHubIcons_MH_FS19.png)](https://www.farming-simulator.com/mods.php?title=fs2019&filter=org&org_id=140742)
[![My FS22 Mods](https://github.com/w33zl/w33zl/raw/main/GitHubIcons_MH_FS22.png)](https://www.farming-simulator.com/mods.php?title=fs2022&filter=org&org_id=140742)
[![My FS25 Mods](https://github.com/w33zl/w33zl/raw/main/GitHubIcons_MH_FS25.png)](https://www.farming-simulator.com/mods.php?title=fs2025&filter=org&org_id=140742)




## ModHelper

#### 1. Copy the `"lib"` folder to the root folder of your mod

#### 2. Create a script file (if you haven't already), e.g. *"YourModName.lua"*, with the following content:
```lua
YourModName = Mod:init() -- "YourModName" is your actual mod object/instance, ready to use
```

#### 3. Add this line to the `<extraSourceFiles>` section of your *ModDesc.xml* file:
```xml
<sourceFile filename="lib/ModHelper.lua" />
```

It shoud look something like this:
```xml
<extraSourceFiles>
    <sourceFile filename="lib/ModHelper.lua" /><!-- Must be above your mod lua file -->
    <sourceFile filename="YourModName.lua" />
</extraSourceFiles>
```

#### 4. Now your mod is ready to be used, e.g. you could att these lines to "YourModName.lua" to print a text when your mod is loaded:

```lua
function YourModName:loadMap(filename) 
    print("Mod loaded")
end
```

Some more events that can be used similar to loadMap:
* `loadMapFinished()` - This event execute *after* the actual map has finished loading and *before* other mods are loaded (with `loadMap`)
* `startMission()` - When user selects "Start", execute after both `loadMapFinished` and `loadMap`
* `update(dt)` - Looped as long game is running (*CAUTION!* Anything in here will constantly execute and might severly affect performance)

### Built-in properties in your mod
The `Mod` class will automatically add a number of field/properties to your for convinient access, e.g.
```lua
local authorsName = myMod.author -- The name is automatically read from the modDesc file
```

* `dir` - The mod directory, i.e. folder or zip file on disk (same as `g_currentModDirectory`)
* `name` - The name of your mod (i.e. `g_currentModName`)
* `title` - The english title of your mod (from modDesc.xml)
* `author` - The author node from modDesc.xml
* `version` - The version node from your modDesc.xml

### Built-in functions in your mod
The `Mod` class will automatically add a number of functions/methods to your mod for convinient access, e.g.
```lua
local aSound = myMod:loadSound("SoundName", "/sounds/aSound.ogg")
```

* `loadSound(name, relativeFilename)` - Loads a sound/sample (automatically appends the mod.dir path to the filename) 
* `trySource(relativeFilename, [silentFail])` - Will try to load/source a LUA script file if that file exists, automatically adding mod.dir path to the filename, and with optional "silent fail" (no error message if file is missing)

### Automatic support for user config file
Built-in (semi-)automatic support to read and write user settings.
